Rough in 'Support and feedback' section. (#7263)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/support-feedback/find-a-bug/index.md

Before filing a bug or submitting a feature request for extensions, you should check whether either has already been reported by checking open Chromium issues. These issues are kept in [the Chromium issue tracker](https://crbug.com). This database lets you search for and follow any issue that's been reported for Chromium.

1.  Open the [the issue tracker](https://crbug.com) and use the search box at the top to verify whether the issue has already been reported. Most extension issues are filed under `component=Platform>Extensions`. For example, a search for `component=Platform>Extensions Type=Bug chrome.scripting.executeScript` gives you [this list of results](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/list?can=2&q=component%3DPlatform>Extensions+Type%3DBug+chrome.scripting.executeScript).
1.  If you find a ticket that matches your bug or feature request, click the star icon to express your interest and to be notified when the bug is updated.
1.  If you're not signed in, you will be prompted to do so. If you do not have an account in the issue tracker you may create one by clicking **Create account** on the sign-in prompt and following the on-screen instructions.

> Please do not respond to any bugs or feature requests by saying "me too" or by asking, "when will this be fixed?". However, if you have valuable information, such as a better test case or a suggested fix, please add a comment.

Reviewer: Slight tone tweak (if a bug has been inactive for a long time, and it's important, I want people to feel like they do have a way of contacting us):

```suggestion
Please do not respond to any bugs or feature requests by saying "me too", and prefer using the [Google group](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/group/chromium-extensions/topics) for updates on when a bug will be fixed. However, if you have valuable information, such as a better test case or a suggested fix, please add a comment.
```
